# 2020 Deployments

## December 14

✨ **New features**

* Possibility to add a `status.type` and `status.reason` to an event and place when creating an offer through the API. This makes it possible to cancel or postpone an event in UiTdatabank. 

## October 29

🛠 **Improvements**

* Introduction of a new eventtype in our Taxonomy: Cursus met open sessies (`0.3.1.0.1`).
* UiTdatabank automatically sets the `availableTo` of events with identifier `0.3.1.0.1` equal to the startDate instead of the endDate.
* Make every format of calendar summary available for every calendarType.

## September 10

✨ **New features**

* User interface: modal to inform and guide users about new features.

🐛 **Bugfixes**

* Fix for `typicalAgeRange` `"0-n"` being incorrectly imported as `"-n"`.

## August 14

✨ **New features**

Introduction of the concept of event productions in UiTdatabank:
* events that have the same content, but of which the time and / or location differs are now bundled into productions. The linking process is an internal process at publiq and is not open for external integrators. Events that are linked to a production now have an extra property `production` in their JSON, e.g.

```json
"production":{
   "id":"a9a75b95-0f6c-4a78-8092-243be295995c",
   "title":"Portland - Departures",
   "otherEvents":[
      "https://io.uitdatabank.be/event/1b23c716-fd28-4e93-99b3-53c6c5338730",
      "https://io.uitdatabank.be/event/1cee1a32-3ba4-4172-9d5b-1207cc6f1d93",
      "https://io.uitdatabank.be/event/9ffd6bf0-3ea1-4c71-8e96-6f1d2da6a975",
      "https://io.uitdatabank.be/event/e9221e36-854a-4b9e-aa16-4966f873c284"
   ]
}
```
* public `groupBy=productionId` parameter in search API to group results by their production

## July 23

🛠 **Improvements**

* UiTdatabank now automatically sets the publicationDate to the NOW-date when the values is less than the NOW-date.

## April 15

🛠 **Improvements**

* Allow `PUT` requests with empty payload for `/organizers/:id/address/{language}`.

## February 17

✨ **New features**

* New parameter `isDuplicate` in Search API to filter out duplicate places.
