# 2024 Deployments

## March 28

🛠 **Improvements**

User interface:

* it is now possible to save executed searches on an existing saved search, besides creating a new saved search.
* executed searches are now added as an URL parameter in your browser URL, making it possible to share a direct URL to an executed search, e.g. an URL to all online events with at least one videolink: `https://www.uitdatabank.be/search?query=attendanceMode%3Aonline+AND+videosCount%3A1`.
* the query builder now allows you to start from an executed search and edit the search.

## February 15

✨ **New features**

For every event, place & organizer created in UiTdatabank we now store its `completeness`. The completeness score is a number between 0 and 100 that indicates how complete the information of an event, place or organizer is.

* Using the [avanced query field completeness](https://docs.publiq.be/docs/uitdatabank/search-api%2Fadvanced-queries#completeness) you can filter events, places and organizers by their completeness score.
* Using the [sort parameter completeness](https://docs.publiq.be/docs/uitdatabank/search-api%2Fsorting#completeness) you can now sort data you retrieve from the API by its completeness.

## February 7

🛠 **Improvements**

* UiTdatabank now automatically sets the `availableTo` of events with identifier `0.57.0.0.0` equal to the startDate instead of the endDate.

## January 30

🛠 **Improvements**

* Improved error responses for POST / PUT requests with invalid body data.
* Improved error responses for event / place / organizer not found.

## January 8

🛠 **Improvements**

* Improved geocoding: we now send both the location name and the address of a place to the Google Maps API in order to get better and more precise coordinates.
